 steps to run this project

1. Setup React Native

You will need Node, the React Native command line interface, a JDK, and Android Studio.
Node 12 or newer. 
JDK version 11 or newer.
Download and install Android Studio from below link:
https://developer.android.com/studio

While on Android Studio installation wizard, make sure the boxes next to all of the following items are checked:

Android SDK
Android SDK Platform
Android Virtual Device


Android Studio installs the latest Android SDK by default. Building a React Native app with native 
code, however, requires the Android 11 (R) SDK in particular. Additional Android SDKs can be installed through the SDK Manager in Android Studio.

Select the "SDK Platforms" tab from within the SDK Manager, then check the box next to "Show Package Details" in the bottom right corner. Look for and expand the Android 11 (R) entry, then make sure the following items are checked:

Android SDK Platform 30
Intel x86 Atom_64 System Image or Google APIs Intel x86 Atom System Image
Next, select the "SDK Tools" tab and check the box next to "Show Package Details" here as well. Look for and expand the "Android SDK Build-Tools" entry, then make sure that 30.0.2 is selected.

Finally, click "Apply" to download and install the Android SDK and related build tools.


Select the "SDK Platforms" tab from within the SDK Manager, then check the box next to "Show Package Details" in the bottom right corner. Look for and expand the Android 11 (R) entry, then make sure the following items are checked:

Android SDK Platform 30
Intel x86 Atom_64 System Image or Google APIs Intel x86 Atom System Image
Next, select the "SDK Tools" tab and check the box next to "Show Package Details" here as well. Look for and expand the "Android SDK Build-Tools" entry, then make sure that 30.0.2 is selected.

Finally, click "Apply" to download and install the Android SDK and related build tools.

Creating a new application

npx react-native init AwesomeProject

Preparing the Android device
You will need an Android device to run your React Native Android app. 

Either way, you will need to prepare the device to run Android apps for development.

Using a physical device
If you have a physical Android device, you can use it for development in place of an AVD by plugging it in to your computer using a USB cable and following the instructions here.

Using a virtual device
If you use Android Studio to open ./AwesomeProject/android, you can see the list of available Android Virtual Devices (AVDs) by opening the "AVD Manager" from within Android Studio. 


2.clone the repository

3.do npm install

4.open android studio => run emulator 

4.and run the app with npx react-native run-andorid

5.now we can see our app in emulator / in ur device